but I'm Callan
the famous kiki
some very bad weather issues
roni breathe slowly
Clemmie
make sure you don't try any of new
tricks or anything in this kind of
weather as you may
we are trained professionals
now for 180 first you're gonna have to
overcome this fear of a back lift and
two strangely you also going to
videos are each type of just
voice your screen actually well what are
you bacteria technique process more of a
progression first or if you're 18
a function from
now once you get all the 180 done every
time with you 180 lean back a bit more
more and more back and should get that
now once you've got these nice you feel
like you're leaning back much important
as half as you doing a 180 times up just
like the song clip into your ankle
to be that that we a basic back for 118
but once you get these perfecting it is
done they might start that so much
make sure you know what
South as well
but also we keep 180 should be
that extra bit of space you might start
looking like this
Brett people packed with 360 video on
that so see you soon with that video
hope combatant 118